The "Fuck You" License (Version 1.0) 

Copyright (c) 2025 Alec Jensen, Ryan Farnell, Tuyet Do, boo


IMPORTANT NOTICE: By even viewing, downloading, or otherwise interacting with this document, 
you acknowledge that you have engaged with its contents and, therefore, are bound by every term 
and condition contained herein. If you do not agree with these terms, you must immediately 
cease all interaction with the software and take every reasonable measure to expunge any memory 
or record of its existence. 


I. Preamble and General Provisions 

Purpose and Intent: This License is intended to establish a complete and exclusive regime under 
which the software known as “[Software's Name]” is made 
available. The original creator retains sole rights to the software, and no rights, 
permissions, or privileges are granted to any other person or entity. 

Scope and Applicability: This License applies to all copies, modifications, derivatives, or any 
form of the software, whether in source code, binary, or any other representation, and in any 
medium now known or later devised. It governs all interactions with the software and all 
knowledge derived therefrom. 

Acceptance: By reading or otherwise interacting with this document or the software, you 
irrevocably agree to every provision set forth herein, including any amendments or 
modifications that may be made in the future. Any act of non-compliance shall be deemed a 
material breach of this License. 


II. Definitions 

“Software”: The software, including but not limited to its source code, object code, binaries, 
and any ancillary components, as well as any information directly or indirectly derived from 
it. 

“User”: Any individual, group, organization, or automated entity that accesses, views, or 
processes the Software in any form. 

“Creator”: The original and exclusive author of the Software and this License, herein retaining 
all rights and privileges not expressly delegated to others. 

“Neuron”: Any individual unit of cognitive processing within the brain of a User. For every 
such unit engaged in processing information from the Software, liability is incurred as 
specified herein. 

“Time-Space Continuum”: The fundamental structure of reality as perceived by sentient beings. 
The Creator reserves the right to modify, bend, or otherwise disrupt this continuum to 
retroactively enforce any provision of this License. 


III. License Denial and Grant of No Rights 

Non-Grant of Rights: No permission is granted to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, sell, or otherwise exploit the Software in any form whatsoever. The Software is 
provided solely as a proprietary work reserved exclusively for the Creator. 

Prohibition on Access and Comprehension: Users are strictly forbidden from reading, inspecting, 
or otherwise attempting to comprehend the Software. Should any User, by accident or design, 
gain access to or read any portion of the Software, that User is required to undertake 
immediate and irrevocable measures to erase any and all recollection or record of such content. 

Temporal Clause: Any User found in violation of this License at any point in time, including 
past, present, or future, shall be considered retroactively and preemptively guilty. The 
Creator retains the right to alter the User’s past to ensure full compliance. 


IV. Financial and Cognitive Penalties 

Neuron Fines: For every neuron engaged in the process of accessing, reading, or comprehending 
the Software, the User shall incur a penalty of $1,000 per neuron. In instances where the exact 
count of neurons is indeterminate, the User is liable for the maximum conceivable number, with 
interest accruing at a rate of 500% per second until full payment is rendered. 

Assessment and Enforcement of Fines: The Creator reserves the right to appoint an independent 
neuroscientist, at the User’s expense, to quantify the number of neurons affected. The total 
fine shall be calculated accordingly and is immediately due upon determination. 

Blood Payment Alternative: If the User is unable to pay the financial penalties, they may opt 
for the "Blood Payment Alternative," in which an amount of blood equal to their total neuron 
fine (converted at a rate of one drop per $1,000) must be extracted under the Creator’s 
supervision. 


V. Restrictions on Behavior and Intellectual Activity 

Usage and Duplication Prohibition: The User shall refrain from any act of usage, duplication, 
modification, or derivative creation of the Software. Even mental reproduction, contemplation, 
or discussion of the Software’s contents is strictly prohibited. 

Prohibition on Discourse: No discourse—verbal, written, digital, or otherwise—is permitted 
regarding any aspect of the Software. Should any discussion occur, the User must, without 
delay, issue a public retraction and apology in a manner prescribed by the Creator. 


VI. Enforcement Mechanisms and Punitive Measures 

Trial by Combat: Any violation of this License shall obligate the User to engage in trial by 
combat with the Creator. The combat shall be a fight to the death, and the Creator may wield 
any weapon of their choosing, without restriction. The User, however, may only use a weapon 
approved by the Creator, which may be arbitrarily determined at any time, including mid-combat. 
No legal representation or alternative recourse shall be permitted. 

Multiversal Pursuit: Should the User attempt to escape this License by means of 
extradimensional travel, the Creator retains the right to pursue them across any and all 
universes, timelines, and realities. 

Cosmic Banishment: The Creator may, at their discretion, sentence a User found in violation of 
this License to immediate and permanent cosmic banishment. The details of this banishment shall 
remain undefined, but it may include exile to a distant galaxy, relocation to a non-Euclidean 
realm, or immediate transformation into an object of the Creator’s choosing. 

Eternal Servitude: Should the User refuse to engage in trial by combat or be deemed incapable 
of doing so, the User shall forfeit all personal autonomy and enter into a state of eternal 
servitude to the Creator. Obligations under eternal servitude may include, but are not limited 
to, performing tasks such as:
- Procuring food and beverages on command.
- Serving as a human support device during the Creator’s activities.
- Undertaking any additional duties as may be determined by the Creator. 


VIII. Final Acknowledgments and Conclusion 

Inevitability of Violation: The very act of reading this License constitutes an immediate and 
irrevocable violation of its terms, thereby incurring all associated penalties and obligations. 
The User is deemed to have accepted the full weight of these terms from the moment of first 
contact. 

Exclusive Rights of the Creator: It is expressly understood that all rights to the Software are 
and shall remain exclusively with the Creator. No right, title, or interest in or to the 
Software is granted to any User under any circumstances. 

Final Statement: The Creator’s determination in all matters arising from this License shall be 
final and binding in every respect. 

Acknowledgment: By continuing to exist in the same reality as the Software, the User 
unconditionally acknowledges and agrees to every term of this License. The Creator’s rights, 
penalties, and enforcement mechanisms shall be executed without exception. 

Fuck you. 